Add note about Side Effect support (#2629)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/concepts/what-is-a-side-effect.md

  - explanation
---

:::note

Side Effects are included in the Go, Java, and PHP SDKs.

> They are not included in other SDKs, as [Local Activities](/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity) fit the same use case and are slighly less resource intensive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They are not included in other SDKs.
[Local Activities](/concepts/what-is-a-local-activity) fit the same use case and are slightly less resource intensive.
```
